Weather card: fix title to be more specific (#45845)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_docs/automation/yaml.markdown

---
title: "Automations in YAML"

> description: "Power-user reference for writing automations directly in YAML, including the full structure, additional options, and how to manage automations from configuration.yaml."

Author: ```suggestion
description: "Power-user reference for writing automations directly in YAML, including the full structure, advanced options, and how to manage automations from configuration.yaml."
```

          message: "Cube has triggered this event: {{ trigger.event }}"
```

> ## Additional options

Author: ```suggestion
## Extra options
```

> Some options are only available when writing automations directly in {% term YAML %} and cannot be configured through the user interface.

Author: ```suggestion
When writing automations directly in {% term YAML %}, you will have access to advanced options that are not available in the user interface.
```

          message: "Cube has triggered this event: {{ trigger.event }}"
```

> 

Author: ```suggestion

```
